Welcome everyone to the solution for a school interview question three.
So this is another check what's wrong with a query.
So here we're saying select user id average on the total column as average order total from invoices
having account Order ID greater than or equal to one.
So what's the problem here.
Well notice that if we take a look at this we have a select statement from statement having statement
and we're calling an average on the total.
Unfortunately here though we forgot the group by statement.
So we're using having and we're using an average function.
However there's no company group by statement.
So in other words that's what the school statement was missing.
The actual group byline OK thanks and I'll see at the next lecture.